docs:inform user to set target property (#3291)
fastify/fastify: docs/TypeScript.md

    }
  }
  ```

> *Note: Set `target` property in `tsconfig.json` to `esnext` to avoid [FastifyDeprecation](https://github.com/fastify/fastify/issues/3284) warning.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: Set `target` property in `tsconfig.json` to `es2017` or greater to avoid [FastifyDeprecation](https://github.com/fastify/fastify/issues/3284) warning.*
```
